main: captures inputs and follows commands of inputs
    Keep current drawing options definitely
    Add new things like limited drawing of a region
    Dynamic creation of outputfolders
    More intelligent management of printing histograms

Plot class: manages the drawing of a single histogram -> allows for easier per histogram manipulation
    -> all settings stored in one but also accessed in the functions -> no more passing histogram as an argument. Everything related to a histogram is handled by the single histogram object:
        In practice this comes down to managing the canvas, pad, drawing, applying settings, ...
        Even rebinning. Process should just return all histograms that make up a certain process/category separately. Histogram rebins if it wants. For uncertainties it's slightly different ofcourse.

Drawing generators: generate things like pads, dataset info, legends, ... with flexible options
    This ist just a namespace, makes most sence

Datacardwriting: Handled similarly but more dynamic if we want all variations
    -> not sure if class or namespace. Depends a bit on how we structure it.
    -> also only thing that can build outputfiles. No more generation by default and also specified with a sensible name. Same for DC names.
        -> also only one that can write thing to output.


SF Extraction: not sure
    Histogram class can do this as well, at least apply the correct settings -> ask for this histogram or that historam.

Uncertainties: we can do this similarly as before, worked quite well and was very flexible. Do keep an easier way to not duplicate code 20 times
    Generic extraction, generic rebinning, all at different steps.

Process/Processlist: also worked quite well but move responsibilities -> very generic getters and setters. Merge process and processset 
    -> both do the same in the new idea where process just provides an array of pointers
    How do we handle coloring the plots correctly? Just some getcolor will be easiest...

add an interactive option? Not sure how feasible but in a way that root can work with the shit?

New: 
    Plot combine files logically
    